Support added for Keychron Q5 on VIAL (#1)
adophoxia/vial-qmk: keyboards/keychron/q5/readme.md

> # Keychron Q3
> 
> A customizable 80% keyboard.
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [Keychron](https://github.com/keychron)
> * Hardware Supported: Keychron Q3
> * Hardware Availability: [Keychron](https://www.keychron.com)
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
> ```
>   make keychron/q3/ansi:default
> ```
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
> ```
>   make keychron/q3/ansi:default:flash
> ```
> 
> **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K00*, commonly programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keychron Q5

A customizable 96% keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Keychron](https://github.com/keychron)
* Hardware Supported: Keychron Q5
* Hardware Availability: [Keychron](https://www.keychron.com)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

  make keychron/q5/ansi:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

  make keychron/q5/ansi:default:flash

**Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K00*, commonly programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
